Update with changes from Dev (#301)
satisfactorymodding/Documentation: modules/ROOT/pages/ForUsers/SatisfactoryModManager.adoc

[id="Install_Linux"]
=== Linux

Linux builds of the mod manager can be found on the
https://github.com/satisfactorymodding/SatisfactoryModManager/releases[GitHub releases page].
You can directly download the latest release by clicking https://github.com/satisfactorymodding/SatisfactoryModManager/releases/latest/download/Satisfactory-Mod-Manager.AppImage[this link].

// cspell:ignore Webkitgtk

> Webkitgtk is required - if you don't have it yet, obtain it through your package manager of choice.

Reviewer: This is not the case for SMM2, as it is an appimage so it bundles all dependencies, but is the case for SMM3.

```suggestion
`+webkit2gtk-4.0+` is required - if you don't have it yet, obtain it through your package manager of choice.
```

(cspell might complain about webkit2gtk, haven't checked)
